Add error handling documentation (#33)
kuzzleio/sdk-csharp: doc/1/exceptions/api-error-exception/index.md

---
code: false
type: page
title: ApiErrorException
description: ApiErrorException
order: 0
---

# ApiErrorException

Inherits from the [KuzzleException](/sdk/csharp/1/exceptions/kuzzle-exception) class.

> The `ApiErrorException` class represents an [error response from Kuzzle API](/core/1/api/essentials/errors/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ApiErrorException` exception is used to reject API requests upon receiving an [error response from Kuzzle's API](/core/1/api/essentials/errors/).
```

## Properties

> Theses additional properties are available in addition to the [KuzzleException](/sdk/csharp/1/exceptions/kuzzle-exception) properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These additional properties are available in addition to the [KuzzleException](/sdk/csharp/1/exceptions/kuzzle-exception) properties.
```
